Go how tos (#754)
temporalio/documentation: docs/java/distributed-cron.md

    GreetingWorkflow workflow = client.newWorkflowStub(GreetingWorkflow.class, workflowOptions);
```

> Setting `setCronSchedule` will turn the Workflow Execution into a <preview page={WhatIsATemporalCronJob}>Temporal Cron Job</preview>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `setCronSchedule` turns the Workflow Execution into a <preview page={WhatIsATemporalCronJob}>Temporal Cron Job</preview>
```

> You can [check our Java Samples](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-java/blob/master/src/main/java/io/temporal/samples/hello/HelloCron.java) for example code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check our [Java samples](https://github.com/temporalio/samples-java/blob/master/src/main/java/io/temporal/samples/hello/HelloCron.java) for example code.
```
